Dear Mr. Porter,

We received a written notice from Yonac Software ("Yonac") that Yonac believes your application named Mobilesynth infringes Yonac's rights.  A copy of the notice is attached.

Accordingly, please take steps to review your application to ensure that it does not violate the rights of another party.  If this includes removing your application from the App Store while you make changes, use the following steps:

Visit iTunes Connect at http://itunesconnect.apple.com

1) Select the "Manage Your Apps" area
2) Find the desired application in the list
3) Select "Remove From Sale"
4) Your application will no longer be available for sale on the App Store

Please remember that pursuant to your agreement with Apple, you are responsible for any liability to Apple because of a claim that your application infringes another party's rights, and also that we may remove your application if we believe that doing so is prudent or necessary.  So that we don't take unnecessary steps, please let us know that this matter between you and Yonac has been resolved within three days of this letter.

Thank you for your immediate attention.

Sincerely,

Jennifer Adams Draffen
Jennifer Adams Draffen | Senior Counsel | Apple Inc. | 1 Infinite Loop, MS 3-ITS, Cupertino, California 95014 | T (408) 862-6116 | F (408) 974-9105 | adamsdraffen@apple.com
The information in this e-mail and any attachment(s) is intended solely for the personal and confidential use of the designated recipients.  This message may be an attorney-client communication protected by privilege.  If you are not the intended recipient, you may not review, use, copy, forward, or otherwise disseminate this message.  Please notify us of the transmission error by reply e-mail and delete all copies of the message and any attachment(s) from your systems.  The use of the sender's name in this message is not intended as an electronic signature under any applicable law. 



From: James Yonac <miy2101@columbia.edu>
Date: March 8, 2009 4:40:38 PM PDT
To: AppStoreNotices@apple.com
Subject: Intellectual Property Infringement

Dear Sir or Madam,

I would like to bring to your attention an issue of intellectual property infringement against our application, miniSynth (released on September 24, 2008). On March 6, 2009, an app called mobilesynth was added to the iTunes Store. This application is offered for free and has remarkable similarities to miniSynth both in terms of its physical layout and feature set. We therefore believe it to be a direct copy of our miniSynth. Here are a few of the key observations:

1) The names are extremely similar: miniSynth, mobilesynth.

2) As an instance of the similarities between layout and features, please refer to the main screens of the two applications. Both main screens contain the waveform selector buttons, octave selector buttons, the glide rate slider and oscillator mix sliders, in approximately the same positions and the same layout. The type and range of values offered are also almost identical. This suggests that mobilesynth is clearly copying the format and functionality of miniSynth. Below are the links to both screenshots for your reference,

http://www.yonac.com/software/minisynth/
http://code.google.com/p/mobilesynth/
(please refer to mobilesynth's appStore description for a more recent main screenshot that also includes the glide slider)

3) One of miniSynth's unique features is the order and workings of its octave selector buttons. These are the segmented buttons on the main screen that are labeled " 4' ", " 8' ", etc, and are used to select the octave range of the tone generated by an oscillator. Whereas for all synthesizers a bigger number corresponds to a lower octave (for example, 16' correlates to a lower tone than 8'), in miniSynth this association is reversed (16' correlates to a higher tone than 8'). This is an idiosyncrasy wholly specific to our program, clearly noted in several user reviews and even acknowledged by us in one of our recent update descriptions. Perhaps most remarkably, mobilesynth replicates this unique feature exactly in its own octave selector buttons.

We feel that mobilesynth is a copy of miniSynth, and that it should not be offered in the iTunes Store. Please let us know what actions will be taken.

Kindest Regards,

Mehmet I. Yonac

CEO 
Yonac Software
